README.md, before:

[Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/yF527cQbDG)

# OpenAdapt: AI-First Process Automation with Transformers

### Enormous volumes of mental labor are wasted on repetitive GUI workflows.

### Foundation Models (e.g. [GPT-4](https://openai.com/research/gpt-4), [ACT-1](https://www.adept.ai/blog/act-1)) are powerful automation tools.

### OpenAdapt connects Foundation Models to GUIs:

<img width="1473" alt="image" src="https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/assets/774615/5a760e4a-c596-4604-b1a4-a9563dce0fe7">


([Slides](https://t.ly/7RGr))

Welcome to OpenAdapt! This Python library implements AI-First Process Automation
with the power of Transformers by:

- Recording screenshots and associated user input
- Aggregating and visualizing user input and recordings for development
- Converting screenshots and user input into tokenized format
- Generating synthetic input via transformer model completions
- Replaying synthetic input to complete tasks

The goal is similar to that of
[Robotic Process Automation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robotic_process_automation),
except that we use transformers instead of conventional RPA tools.

The direction is adjacent to [Adept.ai](https://adept.ai/), with some key differences:
1. OpenAdapt is model agnostic
2. OpenAdapt generates prompts automatically (auto-prompted, not user-prompted)
3. OpenAdapt works with all types of desktop GUIs, including virtualized (e.g. Citrix) and web
4. OpenAdapt is open source (MIT license)

## Features

### State-of-the-art GUI understanding via [Segment Anything in High Quality](https://github.com/SysCV/sam-hq):

![image](https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/assets/774615/5fa6d008-4042-40ea-b3e6-f97ef4dd83db)

### Industry leading privacy (PII/PHI scrubbing) via [AWS Comprehend](https://aws.amazon.com/comprehend/), [Microsoft Presidio](https://microsoft.github.io/presidio/) and [Private AI](https://www.private-ai.com/):

![image](https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/assets/774615/87c3ab4a-1761-4222-b5d1-6368177ca637)

### Decentralized and secure data distribution via [Magic Wormhole](https://github.com/magic-wormhole/magic-wormhole):

![image](https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/assets/774615/cd8bc2a7-6f6d-4218-843f-adfd7a684fc8)

## Detailed performance monitoring via [pympler](https://pympler.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) and [tracemalloc](https://docs.python.org/3/library/tracemalloc.html):

![image](https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/assets/774615/ae047b8a-b584-4f5f-9981-34cb88c5be54)

### And much more!

## Install

<br/>

|                 Installation Method                 |   Recommended for   |                                Ease of Use                                 |
|:---------------------------------------------------:|:-------------------:|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| [Scripted](https://openadapt.ai/#start) | Non-technical users | Streamlines the installation process for users unfamiliar with setup steps |
|                    [Manual](https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt#manual-setup)                     |   Technical Users   | Allows for more control and customization during the installation process  |

<br/>

### Installation Scripts

#### Windows
- Press Windows Key, type "powershell", and press Enter
- Copy and paste the following command into the terminal, and press Enter (If Prompted for `User Account Control`, click 'Yes'):
  <pre className="whitespace-pre-wrap code text-slate-600 bg-slate-100 p-3 m-2">
   Start-Process powershell -Verb RunAs -ArgumentList '-NoExit', '-ExecutionPolicy', 'Bypass', '-Command', "iwr -UseBasicParsing -Uri 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/main/install/install_openadapt.ps1' | Invoke-Expression"
  </pre>

#### MacOS
- Download and install Git and Python 3.10
- Press Command+Space, type "terminal", and press Enter
- Copy and paste the following command into the terminal, and press Enter:
  <pre className="whitespace-pre-wrap code text-slate-600 bg-slate-100 p-3 m-2">
   /bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/HEAD/install/install_openadapt.sh)"
  </pre>

<br/>
<br/>

### Manual Setup

Prerequisite:
- Python 3.10
- Git
- Tesseract (for OCR)

For the setup of any/all of the above dependencies, follow the steps [SETUP.md](./SETUP.md).

<br/>

Install with [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/) :
```
git clone https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt.git
cd OpenAdapt
pip3 install poetry
poetry install
poetry shell
alembic upgrade head
pytest
```


## Permissions

See how to set up system permissions on macOS [here](./permissions_in_macOS.md).

## Run

### Record

Create a new recording by running the following command:

```
python -m openadapt.record "testing out openadapt"
```

Wait until all three event writers have started:
```
| INFO     | __mp_main__:write_events:230 - event_type='screen' starting
| INFO     | __mp_main__:write_events:230 - event_type='action' starting
| INFO     | __mp_main__:write_events:230 - event_type='window' starting
```

Type a few words into the terminal and move your mouse around the screen
to generate some events, then stop the recording by pressing CTRL+C.

Current limitations:
- recording should be short (i.e. under a minute), as they are
somewhat memory intensive, and there is currently an
[open issue](https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/issues/5) describing a
possible memory leak
- the only touchpad and trackpad gestures currently supported are
pointing the cursor and left or right clicking, as described in this
[open issue](https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/issues/145)


### Visualize

Visualize the latest recording you created by running the following command:

```
python -m openadapt.visualize
```

This will open a scrollable window that looks something like this:

<img width="1512" alt="image" src="https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/assets/774615/451dd467-20ae-4ce7-a3b4-f888635afe8c">

<img width="1511" alt="image" src="https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/assets/774615/13264cf6-46c0-4413-a29d-59bdd040a32e">

For an alternative visualization, run:

```
python -m openadapt.deprecated.visualize
```

This will open up a tab in your browser that looks something like this:

![image](https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/assets/774615/5d7253b7-ae12-477c-94a3-b388e4f37587)

### Playback

You can play back the recording using the following command:

```
python -m openadapt.replay NaiveReplayStrategy
```

Other replay strategies include:

- [`StatefulReplayStrategy`](https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/blob/main/openadapt/strategies/stateful.py): Proof-of-concept which uses the OpenAI GPT-4 API with prompts constructed via OS-level window data.

See https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/tree/main/openadapt/strategies for a complete list. More ReplayStrategies coming soon! (see [Contributing](#Contributing)).


## Contributing

### Problem Statement

Our goal is to automate the task described and demonstrated in a `Recording`.
That is, given a new `Screenshot`, we want to generate the appropriate
`ActionEvent`(s) based on the previously recorded `ActionEvent`s in order to
accomplish the task specified in the `Recording.task_description`, while
accounting for differences in screen resolution, window size, application
behavior, etc.

If it's not clear what `ActionEvent` is appropriate for the given `Screenshot`,
(e.g. if the GUI application is behaving in a way we haven't seen before),
we can ask the user to take over temporarily to demonstrate the appropriate
course of action.

### Data Model

The data model consists of the following entities:

1. `Recording`: Contains information about the screen dimensions, platform, and
   other metadata.
2. `ActionEvent`: Represents a user action event such as a mouse click or key
   press. Each `ActionEvent` has an associated `Screenshot` taken immediately
   before the event occurred. `ActionEvent`s are aggregated to remove
   unnecessary events (see [visualize](#visualize).)
3. `Screenshot`: Contains the PNG data of a screenshot taken during the
   recording.
4. `WindowEvent`: Represents a window event such as a change in window title,
   position, or size.

### API

You can assume that you have access to the following functions:

- `create_recording("doing taxes")`: Creates a recording.
- `get_latest_recording()`: Gets the latest recording.
- `get_events(recording)`: Returns a list of `ActionEvent` objects for the given
  recording.

See [GitBook Documentation](https://openadapt.gitbook.io/openadapt.ai/) for more.

### Instructions

[Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/yF527cQbDG). Then:

1. Fork this repository and clone it to your local machine.
2. Get OpenAdapt up and running by following the instructions under [Setup](#Setup).
3. Look through the list of open issues at https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/issues
and once you find one you would like to address, indicate your interest with a comment.
4. Implement a solution to the issue you selected. Write unit tests for your
implementation.
5. Submit a Pull Request (PR) to this repository. Note: submitting a PR before your
implementation is complete (e.g. with high level documentation and/or implementation
stubs) is encouraged, as it provides us with the opportunity to provide early
feedback and iterate on the approach.

### Evaluation Criteria

Your submission will be evaluated based on the following criteria:

1. **Functionality** : Your implementation should correctly generate the new
   `ActionEvent` objects that can be replayed in order to accomplish the task in
   the original recording.

2. **Code Quality** : Your code should be well-structured, clean, and easy to
   understand.

3. **Scalability** : Your solution should be efficient and scale well with
   large datasets.

4. **Testing** : Your tests should cover various edge cases and scenarios to
   ensure the correctness of your implementation.

### Submission

1. Commit your changes to your forked repository.

2. Create a pull request to the original repository with your changes.

3. In your pull request, include a brief summary of your approach, any
   assumptions you made, and how you integrated external libraries.

4. *Bonus*: interacting with ChatGPT and/or other language transformer models
   in order to generate code and/or evaluate design decisions is encouraged. If
   you choose to do so, please include the full transcript.


## We're hiring!

If you're interested in getting paid for your work, please mention it in your Pull Request.

## Troubleshooting

MacOS: if you encounter system alert messages or find issues when making and replaying recordings, make sure to [set up permissions accordingly](./permissions_in_macOS.md).

![MacOS System Alerts](https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/assets/43456930/dd96ab17-7cd6-4762-9c4f-5131b224a118)

In summary (from https://stackoverflow.com/a/69673312):

1. Settings -> Security & Privacy
2. Click on the Privacy tab
3. Scroll and click on the Accessibility Row
4. Click +
5. Navigate to /System/Applications/Utilities/ (or wherever Terminal.app is installed)
6. Click okay.

## Developing

### Generate migration (after editing a model)

```
alembic revision --autogenerate -m "<msg>"
```

### Pre-commit Hooks

To ensure code quality and consistency, OpenAdapt uses pre-commit hooks. These hooks
will be executed automatically before each commit to perform various checks and
validations on your codebase.

The following pre-commit hooks are used in OpenAdapt:

- [check-yaml](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit-hooks#check-yaml): Validates the syntax and structure of YAML files.
- [end-of-file-fixer](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit-hooks#end-of-file-fixer): Ensures that files end with a newline character.
- [trailing-whitespace](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit-hooks#trailing-whitespace): Detects and removes trailing whitespace at the end of lines.
- [black](https://github.com/psf/black): Formats Python code to adhere to the Black code style. Notably, the `--preview` feature is used.
- [isort](https://github.com/PyCQA/isort): Sorts Python import statements in a consistent and standardized manner.

To set up the pre-commit hooks, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to the root directory of your OpenAdapt repository.

2. Run the following command to install the hooks:

```
pre-commit install
```

Now, the pre-commit hooks are installed and will run automatically before each commit. They will enforce code quality standards and prevent committing code that doesn't pass the defined checks.

### Status Checks

When you submit a PR, the "Python CI" workflow is triggered for code consistency. It follows organized steps to review your code:

1. **Python Black Check** : This step verifies code formatting using Python Black style, with the `--preview` flag for style.

2. **Flake8 Review** : Next, Flake8 tool thoroughly checks code structure, including flake8-annotations and flake8-docstrings. Though GitHub Actions automates checks, it's wise to locally run `flake8 .` before finalizing changes for quicker issue spotting and resolution.

# Submitting an Issue

Please submit any issues to https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/issues with the
following information:

- Problem description (please include any relevant console output and/or screenshots)
- Steps to reproduce (please help others to help you!)

Commit message:

docs(README): Transformers -> LLMs
Transformers -> LMMs

README.md, after:

[Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/yF527cQbDG)

# OpenAdapt: AI-First Process Automation with Large Multimodal Models (LMMs).

OpenAdapt is the *Open* source software *Adapt*er between Large Multimodal Models (LMMs) and traditional desktop and web Graphical User Interfaces (GUIs).

### Enormous volumes of mental labor are wasted on repetitive GUI workflows.

### Foundation Models (e.g. [GPT-4](https://openai.com/research/gpt-4), [ACT-1](https://www.adept.ai/blog/act-1)) are powerful automation tools.

### OpenAdapt connects Foundation Models to GUIs:

<img width="1473" alt="image" src="https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/assets/774615/5a760e4a-c596-4604-b1a4-a9563dce0fe7">


([Slides](https://t.ly/7RGr))

Welcome to OpenAdapt! This Python library implements AI-First Process Automation
with the power of Large Multimodal Modals (LMMs) by:

- Recording screenshots and associated user input
- Aggregating and visualizing user input and recordings for development
- Converting screenshots and user input into tokenized format
- Generating synthetic input via transformer model completions
- Replaying synthetic input to complete tasks

The goal is similar to that of
[Robotic Process Automation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robotic_process_automation),
except that we use Large Multimodal Models instead of conventional RPA tools.

The direction is adjacent to [Adept.ai](https://adept.ai/), with some key differences:
1. OpenAdapt is model agnostic
2. OpenAdapt generates prompts automatically (auto-prompted, not user-prompted)
3. OpenAdapt works with all types of desktop GUIs, including virtualized (e.g. Citrix) and web
4. OpenAdapt is open source (MIT license)

## Features

### State-of-the-art GUI understanding via [Segment Anything in High Quality](https://github.com/SysCV/sam-hq):

![image](https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/assets/774615/5fa6d008-4042-40ea-b3e6-f97ef4dd83db)

### Industry leading privacy (PII/PHI scrubbing) via [AWS Comprehend](https://aws.amazon.com/comprehend/), [Microsoft Presidio](https://microsoft.github.io/presidio/) and [Private AI](https://www.private-ai.com/):

![image](https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/assets/774615/87c3ab4a-1761-4222-b5d1-6368177ca637)

### Decentralized and secure data distribution via [Magic Wormhole](https://github.com/magic-wormhole/magic-wormhole):

![image](https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/assets/774615/cd8bc2a7-6f6d-4218-843f-adfd7a684fc8)

## Detailed performance monitoring via [pympler](https://pympler.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) and [tracemalloc](https://docs.python.org/3/library/tracemalloc.html):

![image](https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/assets/774615/ae047b8a-b584-4f5f-9981-34cb88c5be54)

### And much more!

## Install

<br/>

|                 Installation Method                 |   Recommended for   |                                Ease of Use                                 |
|:---------------------------------------------------:|:-------------------:|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| [Scripted](https://openadapt.ai/#start) | Non-technical users | Streamlines the installation process for users unfamiliar with setup steps |
|                    [Manual](https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt#manual-setup)                     |   Technical Users   | Allows for more control and customization during the installation process  |

<br/>

### Installation Scripts

#### Windows
- Press Windows Key, type "powershell", and press Enter
- Copy and paste the following command into the terminal, and press Enter (If Prompted for `User Account Control`, click 'Yes'):
  <pre className="whitespace-pre-wrap code text-slate-600 bg-slate-100 p-3 m-2">
   Start-Process powershell -Verb RunAs -ArgumentList '-NoExit', '-ExecutionPolicy', 'Bypass', '-Command', "iwr -UseBasicParsing -Uri 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/main/install/install_openadapt.ps1' | Invoke-Expression"
  </pre>

#### MacOS
- Download and install Git and Python 3.10
- Press Command+Space, type "terminal", and press Enter
- Copy and paste the following command into the terminal, and press Enter:
  <pre className="whitespace-pre-wrap code text-slate-600 bg-slate-100 p-3 m-2">
   /bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/HEAD/install/install_openadapt.sh)"
  </pre>

<br/>
<br/>

### Manual Setup

Prerequisite:
- Python 3.10
- Git
- Tesseract (for OCR)

For the setup of any/all of the above dependencies, follow the steps [SETUP.md](./SETUP.md).

<br/>

Install with [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/) :
```
git clone https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt.git
cd OpenAdapt
pip3 install poetry
poetry install
poetry shell
alembic upgrade head
pytest
```


## Permissions

See how to set up system permissions on macOS [here](./permissions_in_macOS.md).

## Run

### Record

Create a new recording by running the following command:

```
python -m openadapt.record "testing out openadapt"
```

Wait until all three event writers have started:
```
| INFO     | __mp_main__:write_events:230 - event_type='screen' starting
| INFO     | __mp_main__:write_events:230 - event_type='action' starting
| INFO     | __mp_main__:write_events:230 - event_type='window' starting
```

Type a few words into the terminal and move your mouse around the screen
to generate some events, then stop the recording by pressing CTRL+C.

Current limitations:
- recording should be short (i.e. under a minute), as they are
somewhat memory intensive, and there is currently an
[open issue](https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/issues/5) describing a
possible memory leak
- the only touchpad and trackpad gestures currently supported are
pointing the cursor and left or right clicking, as described in this
[open issue](https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/issues/145)


### Visualize

Visualize the latest recording you created by running the following command:

```
python -m openadapt.visualize
```

This will open a scrollable window that looks something like this:

<img width="1512" alt="image" src="https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/assets/774615/451dd467-20ae-4ce7-a3b4-f888635afe8c">

<img width="1511" alt="image" src="https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/assets/774615/13264cf6-46c0-4413-a29d-59bdd040a32e">

For an alternative visualization, run:

```
python -m openadapt.deprecated.visualize
```

This will open up a tab in your browser that looks something like this:

![image](https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/assets/774615/5d7253b7-ae12-477c-94a3-b388e4f37587)

### Playback

You can play back the recording using the following command:

```
python -m openadapt.replay NaiveReplayStrategy
```

Other replay strategies include:

- [`StatefulReplayStrategy`](https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/blob/main/openadapt/strategies/stateful.py): Proof-of-concept which uses the OpenAI GPT-4 API with prompts constructed via OS-level window data.

See https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/tree/main/openadapt/strategies for a complete list. More ReplayStrategies coming soon! (see [Contributing](#Contributing)).


## Contributing

### Problem Statement

Our goal is to automate the task described and demonstrated in a `Recording`.
That is, given a new `Screenshot`, we want to generate the appropriate
`ActionEvent`(s) based on the previously recorded `ActionEvent`s in order to
accomplish the task specified in the `Recording.task_description`, while
accounting for differences in screen resolution, window size, application
behavior, etc.

If it's not clear what `ActionEvent` is appropriate for the given `Screenshot`,
(e.g. if the GUI application is behaving in a way we haven't seen before),
we can ask the user to take over temporarily to demonstrate the appropriate
course of action.

### Data Model

The data model consists of the following entities:

1. `Recording`: Contains information about the screen dimensions, platform, and
   other metadata.
2. `ActionEvent`: Represents a user action event such as a mouse click or key
   press. Each `ActionEvent` has an associated `Screenshot` taken immediately
   before the event occurred. `ActionEvent`s are aggregated to remove
   unnecessary events (see [visualize](#visualize).)
3. `Screenshot`: Contains the PNG data of a screenshot taken during the
   recording.
4. `WindowEvent`: Represents a window event such as a change in window title,
   position, or size.

### API

You can assume that you have access to the following functions:

- `create_recording("doing taxes")`: Creates a recording.
- `get_latest_recording()`: Gets the latest recording.
- `get_events(recording)`: Returns a list of `ActionEvent` objects for the given
  recording.

See [GitBook Documentation](https://openadapt.gitbook.io/openadapt.ai/) for more.

### Instructions

[Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/yF527cQbDG). Then:

1. Fork this repository and clone it to your local machine.
2. Get OpenAdapt up and running by following the instructions under [Setup](#Setup).
3. Look through the list of open issues at https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/issues
and once you find one you would like to address, indicate your interest with a comment.
4. Implement a solution to the issue you selected. Write unit tests for your
implementation.
5. Submit a Pull Request (PR) to this repository. Note: submitting a PR before your
implementation is complete (e.g. with high level documentation and/or implementation
stubs) is encouraged, as it provides us with the opportunity to provide early
feedback and iterate on the approach.

### Evaluation Criteria

Your submission will be evaluated based on the following criteria:

1. **Functionality** : Your implementation should correctly generate the new
   `ActionEvent` objects that can be replayed in order to accomplish the task in
   the original recording.

2. **Code Quality** : Your code should be well-structured, clean, and easy to
   understand.

3. **Scalability** : Your solution should be efficient and scale well with
   large datasets.

4. **Testing** : Your tests should cover various edge cases and scenarios to
   ensure the correctness of your implementation.

### Submission

1. Commit your changes to your forked repository.

2. Create a pull request to the original repository with your changes.

3. In your pull request, include a brief summary of your approach, any
   assumptions you made, and how you integrated external libraries.

4. *Bonus*: interacting with ChatGPT and/or other language transformer models
   in order to generate code and/or evaluate design decisions is encouraged. If
   you choose to do so, please include the full transcript.


## We're hiring!

If you're interested in getting paid for your work, please mention it in your Pull Request.

## Troubleshooting

MacOS: if you encounter system alert messages or find issues when making and replaying recordings, make sure to [set up permissions accordingly](./permissions_in_macOS.md).

![MacOS System Alerts](https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/assets/43456930/dd96ab17-7cd6-4762-9c4f-5131b224a118)

In summary (from https://stackoverflow.com/a/69673312):

1. Settings -> Security & Privacy
2. Click on the Privacy tab
3. Scroll and click on the Accessibility Row
4. Click +
5. Navigate to /System/Applications/Utilities/ (or wherever Terminal.app is installed)
6. Click okay.

## Developing

### Generate migration (after editing a model)

```
alembic revision --autogenerate -m "<msg>"
```

### Pre-commit Hooks

To ensure code quality and consistency, OpenAdapt uses pre-commit hooks. These hooks
will be executed automatically before each commit to perform various checks and
validations on your codebase.

The following pre-commit hooks are used in OpenAdapt:

- [check-yaml](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit-hooks#check-yaml): Validates the syntax and structure of YAML files.
- [end-of-file-fixer](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit-hooks#end-of-file-fixer): Ensures that files end with a newline character.
- [trailing-whitespace](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit-hooks#trailing-whitespace): Detects and removes trailing whitespace at the end of lines.
- [black](https://github.com/psf/black): Formats Python code to adhere to the Black code style. Notably, the `--preview` feature is used.
- [isort](https://github.com/PyCQA/isort): Sorts Python import statements in a consistent and standardized manner.

To set up the pre-commit hooks, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to the root directory of your OpenAdapt repository.

2. Run the following command to install the hooks:

```
pre-commit install
```

Now, the pre-commit hooks are installed and will run automatically before each commit. They will enforce code quality standards and prevent committing code that doesn't pass the defined checks.

### Status Checks

When you submit a PR, the "Python CI" workflow is triggered for code consistency. It follows organized steps to review your code:

1. **Python Black Check** : This step verifies code formatting using Python Black style, with the `--preview` flag for style.

2. **Flake8 Review** : Next, Flake8 tool thoroughly checks code structure, including flake8-annotations and flake8-docstrings. Though GitHub Actions automates checks, it's wise to locally run `flake8 .` before finalizing changes for quicker issue spotting and resolution.

# Submitting an Issue

Please submit any issues to https://github.com/OpenAdaptAI/OpenAdapt/issues with the
following information:

- Problem description (please include any relevant console output and/or screenshots)
- Steps to reproduce (please help others to help you!)
